---
title: 'Shadows in the dark forest and golden light on the lake.'
date: 2025-01-10
permalink: /posts/2025/01/blog-post-20/
tags:
  - cool posts
  - category1
  - category2
---

There are three things to learn in life: learn to reject, learn to give up, and learn to let go.
That day, I walked into a dark forest, and the fear of disorientation gradually invaded me. I felt myself being swallowed up by the darkness bit by bit, and was about to lose my breath. I didn't dare to close my eyes, at least there was a faint light around. My legs began to tremble unceasingly, my face gradually became stiff, the cold came from all directions, drilling into my body from the soles of my feet and into my heart.
But desperately insisting, I was unwilling to give up. I firmly believed that I would soon reach the end of the line, and that a cosy village would soon be waiting for me, and the people in the village would entertain me with great hospitality. I stood up straight again with tenacious perseverance, my back was about to break and my mind was about to lose consciousness. I dragged my crippled body forward, the shadows of the trees grew fainter and fainter because the light grew dimmer and dimmer. Despite the fact that I was already blending into the pitch blackness, I tried my best to convince myself that hope was not far away.
Finally, I saw a golden light behind a few trees that were almost lying on the ground from the gusts of wind. It was sparkling and dazzling. I still hadn't escaped the forest, but I thought I had found my place.

Headings are cool
======

You can have many headings
======

Aren't headings cool?
------
